series_id	title	season	frequency	units	keywords	notes	period_description	growth_rates	obs_vsd_use_release_date	valid_start_date	release_id
ENU0202020510	Number of Private Establishments for All Industries in Anchorage Borough/municipality, AK	Not Seasonally Adjusted	Quarterly	Establishments		An establishment is an economic unit, such as a factory, mine, store, or office that produces goods or services. It generally is at a single location and is engaged predominantly in one type of economic activity. Where a single location encompasses two or more distinct activities, these are treated as separate establishments, if separate payroll records are available, and the various activities are classified under different industry codes.		TRUE	TRUE	2017-03-07	362
ENU0211020510	Number of Private Establishments for All Industries in Juneau City and Borough, AK	Not Seasonally Adjusted	Quarterly	Establishments		An establishment is an economic unit, such as a factory, mine, store, or office that produces goods or services. It generally is at a single location and is engaged predominantly in one type of economic activity. Where a single location encompasses two or more distinct activities, these are treated as separate establishments, if separate payroll records are available, and the various activities are classified under different industry codes.		TRUE	TRUE	2017-03-07	362
ENU0222020510	Number of Private Establishments for All Industries in Sitka City and Borough, AK	Not Seasonally Adjusted	Quarterly	Establishments		An establishment is an economic unit, such as a factory, mine, store, or office that produces goods or services. It generally is at a single location and is engaged predominantly in one type of economic activity. Where a single location encompasses two or more distinct activities, these are treated as separate establishments, if separate payroll records are available, and the various activities are classified under different industry codes.		TRUE	TRUE	2017-03-07	362
ENU0223020510	Number of Private Establishments for All Industries in Skagway Municipality, AK	Not Seasonally Adjusted	Quarterly	Establishments		An establishment is an economic unit, such as a factory, mine, store, or office that produces goods or services. It generally is at a single location and is engaged predominantly in one type of economic activity. Where a single location encompasses two or more distinct activities, these are treated as separate establishments, if separate payroll records are available, and the various activities are classified under different industry codes.		TRUE	TRUE	2017-03-07	362
ENU0227520510	Number of Private Establishments for All Industries in Wrangell City and Borough, AK	Not Seasonally Adjusted	Quarterly	Establishments		An establishment is an economic unit, such as a factory, mine, store, or office that produces goods or services. It generally is at a single location and is engaged predominantly in one type of economic activity. Where a single location encompasses two or more distinct activities, these are treated as separate establishments, if separate payroll records are available, and the various activities are classified under different industry codes.		TRUE	TRUE	2017-03-07	362
ENU0607520510	Number of Private Establishments for All Industries in San Francisco County, CA	Not Seasonally Adjusted	Quarterly	Establishments		An establishment is an economic unit, such as a factory, mine, store, or office that produces goods or services. It generally is at a single location and is engaged predominantly in one type of economic activity. Where a single location encompasses two or more distinct activities, these are treated as separate establishments, if separate payroll records are available, and the various activities are classified under different industry codes.		TRUE	TRUE	2017-03-07	362
ENU0801420510	Number of Private Establishments for All Industries in Broomfield County, CO	Not Seasonally Adjusted	Quarterly	Establishments		An establishment is an economic unit, such as a factory, mine, store, or office that produces goods or services. It generally is at a single location and is engaged predominantly in one type of economic activity. Where a single location encompasses two or more distinct activities, these are treated as separate establishments, if separate payroll records are available, and the various activities are classified under different industry codes.		TRUE	TRUE	2017-03-07	362
ENU1500320510	Number of Private Establishments for All Industries in Honolulu County, HI	Not Seasonally Adjusted	Quarterly	Establishments		An establishment is an economic unit, such as a factory, mine, store, or office that produces goods or services. It generally is at a single location and is engaged predominantly in one type of economic activity. Where a single location encompasses two or more distinct activities, these are treated as separate establishments, if separate payroll records are available, and the various activities are classified under different industry codes.		TRUE	TRUE	2017-03-07	362
ENU4210120510	Number of Private Establishments for All Industries in Philadelphia County, PA	Not Seasonally Adjusted	Quarterly	Establishments		An establishment is an economic unit, such as a factory, mine, store, or office that produces goods or services. It generally is at a single location and is engaged predominantly in one type of economic activity. Where a single location encompasses two or more distinct activities, these are treated as separate establishments, if separate payroll records are available, and the various activities are classified under different industry codes.		TRUE	TRUE	2017-03-07	362
